   [Questionnaire%20VA-1_htm_fbd1e6cd61f5dd26.png]

   Questionnaire VA-1 - Questionnaire for VA Trading Platform Operator

   Specified by the SFC pursuant to the Securities and Futures Ordinance
   (“SFO”) (Cap 571) and the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist
   Financing Ordinance (“AMLO”) (Cap 615)

   Explanatory Note:

     * If any of the policies, procedures, systems or controls described
       in your answers to the questions below have not been implemented,
       please specify the envisaged timeframe for the implementation of
       these policies, procedures, systems and controls.
     * Unless otherwise defined, terms used in this questionnaire shall
       have the same meaning as those defined in the Guidelines for
       Virtual Asset Trading Platform Operators (“VATP Guidelines”).
     * You may provide a copy of the relevant policy, procedures and flow
       chart to facilitate our understanding of the matter as you deem
       appropriate.
     * If further space is required, please attach a separate document
       under “Additional Document” in your application, and
       cross-reference all answers to the relevant question.

   I. Overview of Business Operations

    1. Please advise if you have engaged in proprietary trading, and if
       any of your group company or affiliates have invested in virtual
       assets or have proprietary position in virtual assets? If so,
       please advise on the purpose(s) of your proprietary position.

        

    2. Please provide a detailed organization chart categorized by each
       business function.

        

    3. Please specify the functions (if any) that are delegated to another
       entity (including your group company or affiliate) and will not be
       performed or carried out by you. For each of these functions,
       please advise whether it is performed or carried out by your group
       entities, outsourced to external third parties, or you rely on any
       experts or consultants. Please also advise whether it is a one-off
       arrangement or an appointment on a recurring basis, whether or not
       there will be a service agreement, and what due diligence will be
       or has been performed to ascertain the experience, qualification
       etc. of the external third parties, experts or consultants to
       ensure appropriateness.

        

    4. Please describe your policies on reporting incidents to the SFC,
       including (a) any non-compliance with your licensing conditions or
       any applicable law, regulations, codes, guidelines, circulars or
       FAQs, etc.; (b) any unusual or suspicious activities on your
       platform; (c) any material failures or interruptions of your
       trading, accounting, clearing and settlement systems; and (d) any
       material issues as identified by experts or consultants.

        

    5. When there is recommendation or solicitation, how would the
       platform operator:

    a. ensure the suitability of the recommendation or solicitation for
       the client is reasonable in all the circumstances having regard to
       information about the client of which you are or should be aware
       through the exercise of due diligence (see paragraph 9.20 of the
       VATP Guidelines);

        

    b. ensure that a transaction in a complex product is suitable for the
       client in all the circumstances (see paragraph 9.22 of the VATP
       Guidelines);

        

    c. determine whether a virtual asset may be treated as non-complex or
       complex product (see Notes 1 and 2 of paragraph 9.22 of the VATP
       Guidelines).

        

   II. Financial Soundness

   Please complete this section with reference to the requirements of the
   Securities and Futures (Financial Resources) Rules (“FRR”) and/or the
   VATP Guidelines. Please consult your auditor where necessary in
   relation to accounting and FRR treatments of virtual assets.

    6. Please advise whether you could fully comply with the minimum
       liquid capital requirement under the FRR and the liquid asset
       requirement under paragraph 6.1 of the VATP Guidelines.

        

    7. Please identify all the major items on your balance sheet. Please
       also describe the treatment of each item under the FRR and/or the
       VATP Guidelines and quote the relevant sections of the FRR and/or
       the VATP Guidelines (where applicable).

        

    8. Please describe your auditors’ capability in acting as auditors of
       a virtual asset trading platform operator and its associated
       entity, including their experience and track record in auditing
       virtual asset related business.

        

    9. How will your profit and loss likely be impacted by the proposed
       modifications of your business activities, operations, systems and
       controls (in HK$’000) upon licensed?

    a. As a one-off

     * Consultancy fee on system development/enhancement/review
     * Legal and other professional fees
     * Staff costs (for redundancy/severance pay)
     * Others (please specify the nature of major items)

    b. On an ongoing basis

     * Your monthly trading volume
     * Your monthly fee income
     * Your other monthly income
     * Your monthly operating expenses

        

   10. Please provide the following information or estimation:

   (HK$’000)
   Shareholders’ funds as of the latest month end
        
   Shareholders’ funds upon deducting the one-off expenses to be incurred
   (see para. 9(a))
        
   Projected total income generated from fees and charges covering,
   trading, admission, custodial and any other fees and charges for the
   first 12 months after being licensed
        
   Projected total operating expenses for the first 12 months after being
   licensed
        
   Amount of capital to be injected in the next 12 months
        

   11. Where applicable, please

    a. state the names and amounts of virtual assets recognised in your
       financial statement or management accounts as of the latest
       month-end;

        

    b. specify their classification, i.e. as cash and cash equivalents,
       financial assets (other than cash and cash equivalents), intangible
       assets, inventories, or other (please specify); and

        

    c. advise the accounting policy of the virtual assets held for your
       own account.

   (Please choose all applicable options.)

   [ ] Virtual assets are measured at fair value through profit or loss.

   [ ] Virtual assets are measured at fair value through other
   comprehensive income.

   [ ] Virtual assets are measured at cost.

   [ ] Others, please specify.      

   12. Please advise the accounting policy on virtual assets held on
       behalf of your clients.

   (Please choose all applicable options.)

   [ ] Recognised as assets in your financial statement and measured at
   fair value. Equivalent amounts (including subsequent change in fair
   value of the virtual assets) are recognised as liabilities to reflect
   the obligations to return the virtual assets to the clients.

   [ ] Recognised as assets in your financial statement and measured at
   cost on the date of purchase or market price on the date of deposit.
   Equivalent amounts are recognised as liabilities to reflect the
   obligations to return the virtual assets to the clients. However, no
   subsequent fair value adjustment will be made on both the assets and
   the liabilities.

   [ ] Not recognised as assets in your financial statement and no
   liability is recognised in the financial statement regarding the
   obligations to return the virtual assets to the clients.

   [ ] Others, please specify.      

   III. Virtual Assets Admitted For Trading

   13.

    a. For virtual assets to be admitted for trading on your platform,
       please describe the admission rules and criteria and the admission
       process. In particular, do you have a committee responsible for
       establishing, implementing and enforcing these rules, criteria and
       process? Please advise the composition and terms of reference of
       this committee.

        

    b. Please describe your processes in conducting due diligence on
       virtual assets to be admitted to your platform for trading and
       whether you would take into account all the factors under paragraph
       7.6 of the VATP Guidelines.

        

    c. Please describe your procedures to ensure that the virtual asset is
       a highly-liquid eligible large-cap virtual asset, i.e., the
       specific virtual asset should have been included in at least two
       acceptable indices issued by a minimum of two different index
       providers, before admitting the virtual asset for retail clients to
       trade (see paragraph 7.8 of VATP Guidelines).

        

    d. Do you have policies for suspending and withdrawing a virtual asset
       from trading on your platform? Please describe your processes for
       the ongoing monitoring of the virtual assets admitted for trading
       in ensuring compliance with the admission rules and criteria and
       your policies and process for suspending and withdrawing a virtual
       asset from trading on your platform.

        

    e. In situations when there is adverse information or anomaly incident
       on a virtual asset traded on the platform, what procedures will be
       performed and how will you handle the virtual asset and your
       clients concerned.

        

   14. Please advise us if all virtual assets currently traded on your
       platform conform with the admission rules and criteria referred to
       in para. 13(a). If not, please advise the steps taken or to be
       taken to withdraw the virtual asset concerned (where applicable).

        

   15. Are you compensated for listing virtual assets, and do you receive
       an amount of virtual assets in exchange for listing them? Are you
       also compensated on an on-going basis for the listings? If so, how
       do you ensure transparency to the market, and how do you prevent
       trading activities which would be disadvantageous for your clients
       or market, for example, controls to prevent or manage conflicts of
       interest and front running?

        

   16. Please describe your policies and procedures in dealing with newly
       created digital assets arising from, among other things, hard fork
       or airdrop.

        

   IV. Dealing with Clients

   Know Your Client

   17. Please describe the processes you use to assess whether a client is
       a Professional Investor as defined in section 1 of Part 1 of
       Schedule 1 to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”).

        

   18. Please describe your procedures (including the information to be
       collected from your clients and the factors that you will take into
       consideration) for assessing whether:

    a. a client has sufficient knowledge or understanding in virtual
       assets (including knowledge of relevant risks associated with
       virtual assets) (see paragraph 9.4 of the VATP Guidelines);

        

    b. the trading of virtual assets matches the investment objective,
       financial situation and risk profile/appetite of the client; and

        

    c. the firm is acting in the best interests of the client when
       providing services to a client without knowledge of virtual assets.

        

   If a client is assessed to have no or insufficient knowledge or
   understanding in virtual assets, please describe the steps you would
   take. For example, whether you would deny the client’s account opening
   application, restrict the client from conducting trading activities or
   provide training to the client concerned.

        

   19. Please explain your processes (including information to be
       collected from a client and factors that you will take into
       consideration) for assessing whether a client has financial net
       worth to bear the loss of investment.

        

   20. Please describe your know-your-client (KYC) and client (local or
       overseas) onboarding policies and procedures including the systems
       or technologies used, risk profiling methodology, the information
       and documents that you will obtain from your clients. Please also
       advise your IP monitoring procedures.

        

   21. Please state your control measures to verify a client’s identity
       during the account opening process.

        

   22. Please advise whether you have any plan or proposal to include any
       virtual asset for trading by retail clients. If so, how would you:

    a. assess a client’s risk tolerance level and risk profile,
       accordingly determine the client’s risk profile and assess whether
       it is suitable for the client to participate in the trading of
       virtual assets (see paragraph 9.6 of VATP Guidelines);

        

    b. set a limit for each client to ensure that the client’s exposure to
       virtual assets is reasonable, as determined by the platform
       operator, with reference to the client’s financial situation
       (including the client’s net worth) and personal circumstances (see
       paragraph 9.7 of VATP Guidelines);

        

   23. Please state your control measures to ascertain the identity,
       address and contact details of persons ultimately responsible for
       originating the instructions in relation to transactions conducted
       for an account and the beneficial owner(s)) of the account during
       the account opening process.

        

   24. If any system or technologies (for example, facial recognition,
       checking of security features on ID documents) have been applied as
       part of the control procedures in paras. 19, 20 and 21, please
       describe the testing or evaluation procedures taken to assess the
       appropriateness and effectiveness of system/technologies and
       explain how you can comply with the SFC requirements as clarified
       by related FAQs issued to date.

        

   25. Please describe the additional measures you take to mitigate the
       impersonation risks associated with client onboarding via
       non-face-to-face channel. In addition, please describe the measures
       you take to deal with a prospective client who provides incomplete
       or suspicious identification information.

        

   26. Please describe the control measures you have implemented to ensure
       any amendment of client particulars is duly authorized, properly
       supported by supporting documentation and correctly entered into
       the client master database.

        

   27. Please explain your policies and procedures for ensuring compliance
       with the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist Financing
       Ordinance (Cap. 615), its subsidiary legislation and relevant
       guidelines. Please also describe the procedures, frequency and
       timing of your screening of prospective clients and any beneficial
       owners (where applicable) to identify individuals linked to money
       laundering and terrorist financing (“ML/TF”) and possible
       designated parties under the United Nations (Anti-Terrorism
       Measures) Ordinance (Cap. 575) and to evaluate the ML/TF risks
       posed by a particular client or business relationship.

        

   Account Opening Documents

   28. Please provide a copy of your proforma client agreement or terms of
       reference, together with all accounting opening documentation and
       risk disclosure statements.

        

   Information for Clients

   29. Please provide a copy of the information provided on your website
       (including but not limited to your insurance policy and business
       resumption plan), differentiating between what can be accessed
       publicly or only by your clients. Alternatively, please provide us
       with a demo account which shows what your onboarded clients will
       see on your website.

        

   30.

    a. What level of detail does your functional documentation provide to
       clients, including fee structure, market model, order types? Please
       provide a copy of the said document.

        

    b. Do you specify in your technical specification documents to clients
       all messages, requests, responses, error codes and status updates?
       Are examples provided? Please provide a copy of the said document.

        

    c. Do you provide a simulation environment, on the same code base as
       the production environment, with sufficient simulated order
       activity so as to enable clients to conduct testing of
       applications?

        

    d. Please advise the number and location of staff responsible for
       providing functional and technical support and whether such support
       is available 24/7?

        

   31. How do you communicate with your clients in case of emergencies and
       disruptions to the system, such as triggered circuit breakers,
       trading suspension/downtime, trading resumption and other
       incidents?

        

   32. Please advise the type of product information about the virtual
       assets that is available on your platform or provided to your
       clients. Please refer to paragraphs 9.27 and 9.28 of the VATP
       Guidelines.

        

   33. Please provide a copy of the terms and conditions or other
       disclosures to your clients on the dealing and handling of newly
       created digital assets arising from, among other things, hard fork
       or airdrop.

        

   34. Please advise whether statements of account are provided to
       clients. If yes, please specify the valuation policy of the assets
       held on behalf of clients and advise whether such policy has been
       disclosed to clients. In particular, please specify the valuation
       policy for less liquid virtual assets, including hard forks and
       virtual assets which are suspended from trading, where applicable.

        

   V. Trading and Settlement

   35. How can investors access your trading platform -

    a. Does your firm allow clients to connect to your trading platform
       via other third party’s order management systems using Application
       Program Interface (API), Internet browsers, or both?

        

    b. Can overseas investors access your trading platform? Please
       elaborate if there are any eligibility criteria for accessing your
       platform.

        

   36. How do you authenticate the identities of users accessing your
       trading platform (for example, one time password) and ensure only
       genuine clients instead of other unauthorized persons could access
       your trading platform?

        

    a. Please explain how you prevent the theft of log-in credentials by
       external parties as well as internal employees.

        

    b. Clients’ trading accounts –

     * Please specify your account management policies, including the
       different account types, account levels and any account limits.

        

     * Please describe your protection arrangements for clients’ trading
       accounts (these may include tools like 2-factor authentication,
       prompt/immediate notification of orders and transactions,
       monitoring and surveillance mechanisms, data encryption, password
       policies, session timeout controls, etc.)

        

   37. Please describe briefly your trading system/platform, in
       particular:

    a. Please explain your order book arrangements. Would trading be
       conducted through periodic auctions, continuous trading, request
       for quotes, or some/all of the above? Please explain how orders
       interact under the arrangements and provide a schematic for
       demonstration. If applicable, please also explain the arrangements
       for off-platform trading and order routing to other trading
       platforms.

        

    b. What kind of quotes are made available for trading on your
       platform? Would they be virtual asset to virtual asset quotes,
       virtual asset to non-virtual asset quotes, or both?

        

    c. What order types do you offer? For example:

     * If stop orders are supported, what is the order priority of the
       stop order getting into the order book?

        

     * If you support iceberg orders, what is the order priority of the
       hidden orders getting into the order book?

        

   Please specify the order priority of all other order types you offer.

        

   Please describe the trading order mechanism in your trading platform.
   If it is a price/time priority algorithm, how do you ensure price/time
   priority?

        

    d. If market-making/liquidity provision is provided in the process,
       please provide details of the market makers/liquidity providers and
       their background and experience, the due diligence you conducted on
       these market makers/liquidity providers, as well as a copy of the
       market-making/liquidity provision terms and conditions if any.

        

    e. Please advise whether you would access the order books of other
       trading platforms when determining the price of the virtual assets
       traded on your platform. Please also advise whether any orders will
       be routed to other trading platforms for execution.

        

    f. Please describe what and how data on prices (ask/bid) and executed
       trades on your platform are disseminated to the investors and
       maintained as audit trail.

        

   38. Please describe your order recording and handling arrangement and
       policies, including order instructions through telephone (if
       applicable).

        

   39. Please describe your off-platform trading arrangements, if any.

    a. Please provide explanations of the operational procedures for
       off-platform trading arrangements.
    b. If market-making/liquidity provision is provided in the process,
       please provide details of the market makers/liquidity providers and
       their background and experience, the due diligence you conducted on
       these market makers/liquidity providers, as well as a copy of the
       market-making/liquidity provision terms and conditions if any.

        

   40. Please describe the trade confirmation and post-trade settlement
       process for on and off-platform trading respectively, including the
       transfer of virtual assets and money, if applicable, and provide a
       schematic of the process.

        

   Conflicts of Interest

   41. Please advise whether you or any of your affiliates:

     * will invest in virtual assets and take proprietary trading
       positions;

        

     * will be a counterparty to the trades executed on your platform;

        

     * will conduct any back-to-back trades (whether on- or off- the
       platform) for your clients and impose a mark-up or spread on the
       trades; and

        

     * will engage in any market making trading of the virtual assets on
       your trading platform.

        

   42. How can you prevent or manage any perceived, potential or actual
       conflicts of interest in the following or any other situations
       (where they apply to you):

     * where your staff trades in virtual assets. Please also provide your
       staff dealing policy (if any); and

        

     * where you or any of your affiliates receive any monetary or
       non-monetary benefits from the product issuers (whether directly or
       indirectly) for allowing a virtual asset to be traded on your
       platform.

        

   Please indicate in your response which of the above situations (and any
   other potential situations involving conflicts of interest) may apply
   to you and explain your policies and procedures in preventing or
   managing conflicts of interest in each situation including but not
   limited to ensuring client order priority.

        

   Monitoring/Surveillance

   43. What are your procedures for transaction monitoring to identify
       suspicious money laundering/ terrorist financing transactions?

        

   44. Please also advise the name of the consultant providing the
       surveillance system to facilitate you in performing such monitoring
       (if any).

        

   45. Please explain your transaction monitoring procedures in relation
       to client deposit and withdrawal of fiat and virtual assets.

        

   46. Please specify all the red-flag indicators which you use for
       identifying potentially suspicious money laundering/terrorist
       financing transactions in the following higher risk situations, and
       describe the corresponding follow-up actions:

   Higher risk situation
         i. Red-flag indicators

        ii. Follow-up actions

   [ ] Client, or the client’s beneficial owner, being a politically
   exposed person or the business relationship assessed is of high risk
        
        
   [ ] Use of proxies, any unverifiable or high risk geographical
   location, disposable email address or mobile number, or use of a
   constantly changing device to conduct transactions by the client
        
        
   [ ] Client transactions involving tainted wallet addresses such as
   “darknet” marketplace transactions or tumblers
        
        
   [ ] Client transactions involving virtual assets with a higher risk or
   greater anonymity (for example, virtual assets which mask users’
   identities or transaction details)
        
        
   [ ] Client transactions that are complex, unusually large in amount or
   of unusual pattern, or have no apparent economic or lawful purpose
        
        
   [ ] Others, please specify
        
        

   47. Please describe any arrangement for client account monitoring, such
       as for low balances and high transaction volumes and any actions to
       be taken to stop client’s activities.

        

   48. Please describe your measures (if any) to monitor abnormal and
       risky conditions such as large price discrepancies and
       volatilities. Are there volatility control mechanisms put in place
       for the trading of virtual assets on your platform? If yes, please
       describe.

        

   49. Please describe how you conduct surveillance of trading activities
       on your platform and how you set perimeters for identifying market
       manipulative or abusive trading activities (including arrangements
       whereby market surveillance is conducted through a professional
       third party); and how you deal with market manipulative or abusive
       trading activities discovered in the process (please elaborate on
       the procedures involved).

        

   VI. Risk Management

   50. Please describe the risks associated with your business activities
       and the risk management measures you are using to manage and
       mitigate these risks. In particular, please specify the measures
       implemented to manage counterparty and market risks, including your
       processes in determining and monitoring the position limits (per
       virtual asset) and trading limits (aggregate amount per client for
       all virtual assets) assigned to each client and any other related
       risk management measures.

        

   VII. Cybersecurity Risk Management Procedures and Business Contingency
   Plan

   51. Please describe the roles, responsibilities and relevant
       qualifications of key personnel who are responsible for
       cybersecurity management, provide an organization chart showing the
       reporting lines and explain the cybersecurity risk management
       framework and governance structure.

        

   52. Have you encountered any cybersecurity incident in the past? Please
       describe the arrangements for cybersecurity incident response and
       reporting, including the manner in which a suspected or actual
       cybersecurity incident should be escalated and reported.

        

   53. Please provide detailed information about your mechanisms and tools
       for detecting and preventing potential cyber-attacks, which may
       include Intrusion Prevention System (IPS) and Intrusion Detection
       System (IDS), and any tests conducted against these systems.

        

   54. What kind of key storage medium do you use? If Hardware Security
       Module (“HSM”) is in use, what rating does the HSM achieve (for
       example, FIPS 140-2 level 3)?

        

   55. Please provide detailed information about your application testing
       for the purpose of detecting application level vulnerabilities.

        

   56. Please provide detailed information about your anti-Distributed
       Denial of Service (“DDoS”) mechanisms.

        

   57. Please describe the established procedures for regular internal
       review and rehearsal of your security and technology related
       arrangements, having regard to the continuing developments in
       technology.

        

   58. Please provide information about regular independent assessments of
       the adequacy of IT systems and cybersecurity resilience and the
       latest assessment, where applicable.

        

   59. Has your firm encountered any cyber-attack leading to interruption
       of services, leakage of information or loss of assets? If yes,
       please briefly describe the incident(s) and the rectification steps
       taken.

        

   60. Please describe your network infrastructure, including proper
       network segmentation, protection for critical systems and client
       data against cyber-attacks.

        

   61. Please describe your application protection arrangements and how
       you ensure the correctness of your application logic in handling
       transactions as well as handling of various exceptions for your
       platform.

        

   62. Please describe your patch management process and explain how it
       can address potential vulnerabilities.

        

   63. Please describe your end-point protection arrangements, including
       the anti-virus and anti-malware solutions adopted and the update
       policy.

        

   64. Please describe your user access management and identity
       verification procedures and provide a copy of the procedures, if
       any. Please also elaborate on how separation of roles and principle
       of least privilege are being enforced.

        

   65.

    a. Do you have standard operating procedures (“SOP”) for performing
       system upgrades and maintenance in writing?

        

    b. Do the SOP contain the method(s) of communication, how pending
       orders still in the orderbook are dealt with, and how long orders
       can be entered/amended/cancelled after a system downtime, and
       before continuous trading resumes?

        

    c. Do the SOP cover the process applicable for unexpected and
       unplanned system failures which may affect an orderly market?

        

    d. How do you provide the SOP to your clients

        

   66. If your planned outages for performing updates and testing on your
       systems may affect your clients, how many days of advance notice
       would clients be given?

        

   67. In the event of unexpected system failures such as connectivity
       issues, system outage or trading suspension, how and how soon would
       you notify your clients of the incident, the expected duration and
       how pending orders, deposits and withdrawals on the platform would
       be handled as per the SOP?

        

   68. Please describe your system, data backup and data protection
       arrangements, including how records, transaction information,
       supporting documentation, etc. are backed up, how the backups are
       protected and the recovery plan.

        

   69. Please describe the arrangements for system upgrade and maintenance
       and how to mitigate the risk of disruption due to downtime
       resulting from a major system change.

        

   70. Please describe your business continuity management and contingency
       planning arrangements and provide the information on the
       contingency drill conducted, if any.

        

   71. Please describe your physical security arrangements to protect
       critical system components (for example, system servers and network
       devices) in a secure environment and to prevent unauthorised
       physical access to the facilities hosting the trading system as
       well as the critical system components.

        

   72. If your infrastructure security management is outsourced (or partly
       outsourced) to any third party service providers, please describe
       how you can ensure the operations outsourced remain subject to
       adequate security controls and supervision, and that
       confidentiality and integrity of data and information will not be
       compromised. Please also provide information about the third party
       service providers (including the entities, their background and
       experience, etc.) if any, and a copy of the service agreements if
       any.

        

   VIII. Handling of Client Assets

   Client Deposits and Withdrawals

   73. Please provide details on the fiat currency fund deposit and
       withdrawal processes (fiat currency or otherwise), and if
       applicable, the relevant bank arrangements.

        

   74. Please specify the permissible deposit and withdrawal channels
       (e.g., bank account, digital currency ATM kiosks, credit cards) and
       describe the anti-money laundering/counter-financing of terrorism
       controls in place.

        

   75. Do you accept third party fund deposit or withdrawal?

        

   76. Please provide details on wallet whitelisting, the handling of
       virtual asset deposits and withdrawals processes, including whether
       address generation, 4-eye principle, email confirmation and any
       other safeguards measures adopted.

        

   77. How can you ensure that digital wallets belong to a client when the
       client deposits or withdraws virtual assets to or from the digital
       wallets?

        

   78. Please provide details of the circumstances under which you would
       suspend virtual asset deposit and withdrawals, how this would be
       communicated to your clients and the SFC, and the
       conditions/circumstances under which such deposits and withdrawals
       would be resumed.

        
   79. Please advise whether there is deposit/ withdrawal limits and how
       such limits are set.

        

   Custody of Client Assets

   80. Please provide the following information in respect of your wallet
       addresses relating to the conduct of Relevant Activities^1:

   (a) Full wallet address(es) which is(are) active:      

   (b) Full wallet address(es) which is(are) dormant:      

   (c) Full wallet address(es) which has(have) been frozen by a competent
   authority:      

   In relation to the wallet address(es) above, please also provide the
   name(s) of its associated blockchain protocol and specify whether the
   wallet address(es) is or was designated for holding client virtual
   assets or assets belonging to the Platform Operator.

        

   81. Please provide the following information in respect of the wallet
       addresses of your Associated Entity relating to the conduct of
       Relevant Activities:

   (a) Full wallet address(es) which is(are) active:      

   (b) Full wallet address(es) which is(are) dormant:      

   (c) Full wallet address(es) which has(have) been frozen by a competent
   authority:      

   In relation to the wallet address(es) above, please also provide the
   name(s) of its associated blockchain protocol and specify whether the
   wallet address(es) is or was designated for holding client virtual
   assets or assets belonging to the Platform Operator.

        

   82. Please describe your wallet structure and infrastructure. In
       particular:

   (a) nature of each wallet (online or offline; client or house);

   (b) how the seeds and private keys are generated;

   (c) where the private keys are kept (e.g. Hardware Security Module
   (HSM) with appropriate certification);

   (d) whether the seeds and private keys are generated with applicable
   international security standards and industry best practices so as to
   ensure the seeds or private keys are generated in a non-deterministic
   manner which ensures randomness;

   (e) wallet operation for deposit and withdrawal of virtual assets in
   order to ensure not more than 2% of clients’ virtual asset in hot
   wallet;

   (e) backup arrangement;

   (f) services / system / technology providers (if any); and

   (g) due diligence work that you have conducted on the providers.

        

   83. Please advise who is responsible for the design and operation of
       your custody function and his/her credential. Please also advise
       and the number of staff involved in the custody function and their
       respective role and duties.

        

   84. What background screening do you conduct for personnel which are
       granted access to client assets? Please provide a list of such
       personnel.

        

   85. Please describe how you prevent unauthorised employees from gaining
       access to the private keys of client wallets.

        

   86. Do you have systems and properly documented processes to restrict
       access to keys, seeds and information relating to virtual assets?
       Please provide details.

        

   87. What is your process of transferring virtual assets from a client
       wallet at your platform to your house wallet?

        

   88. What is your process of transferring virtual assets from hot to
       cold storage and vice versa?

        

   89. Please advise whether you have set limits on the percentage of
       clients’ virtual assets held or to be held in cold and hot wallets
       respectively. If yes, please specify the limits and describe the
       monitoring measures implemented to ensure that these limits are
       being adhered to.

        

   90. What are the processes and systems to safeguard the virtual assets
       held in hot wallet? Please provide details on multi signature
       wallets, seed and key generation, how entropy is generated and how
       many individuals are involved, where the hot wallet environment is
       hosted, any access control against unauthorised employees, and
       procedures for administrative access.

        

   91. Please provide details of specific testing around hot wallet
       security and withdrawals.

        

   92. In respect of your cold storage, please provide details on hardware
       choice, redundancy, access restrictions and security. Please also
       describe the storage management and transfer policy, and provide a
       copy of the policy, if any.

        

   93. What is your communication policy in case you detect fraudulent
       activities affecting the virtual assets in your storage?

        

   94. What systems do you use to detect fraudulent client transaction
       requests?

        

   95. Are there any segregation arrangements for clients’ virtual assets?
       If yes, please describe the arrangements.

        

   96. Are there any segregation arrangements for client money (in fiat
       currency)? If yes, please describe the arrangements and provide
       details of the banks with which these accounts are held.

        

   97. Please advise whether a client’s virtual assets will be segregated
       from the assets of other clients of your trading platform.

        

   98. Where the client is a fund manager, please advise whether the
       accounts will be opened or registered in the name of the fund
       manager or in the names of the respective funds managed by the fund
       manager.

        

   IX. Insurance

   99. Please provide the following information in relation to your
       planned insurance coverage over the assets held on behalf of the
       clients respectively.

   (a) Insurance coverage for theft/ misappropriation/ loss of assets held
   on behalf of clients and provide a copy of the policy where available.

   Name of insurance provider
   Details of insurance coverage
   Amount of insurance limit
   (per account or type of virtual asset)
   Amount of excess/ deductible not covered (per claim), if any
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

   Please also indicate if you plan to compensate for any loss of client
   assets using your firm’s own assets.

        

   (b) cybersecurity insurance coverage to address the losses arising from
   cybersecurity incidents

Name of insurance provider
                          Details of insurance coverage
                                                       Amount of insurance limit
     
                               
                                                            
     
                               
                                                            
     
                               
                                                            

   (c) insurance coverage to cover key man risk

Name of insurance provider
                          Details of insurance coverage
                                                       Amount of insurance limit
     
                               
                                                            
     
                               
                                                            
     
                               
                                                            

   (d) funds (held in the form of a demand deposit or time deposit which
   will mature in 6 months or less) or virtual assets set aside on trust
   and designated as compensation arrangement, if applicable (see
   paragraph 10.22(b) of the VATP Guidelines)

   HK$
   Funds of the Platform Operator
        
   Funds of any corporation within the same group of companies as the
   Platform Operator
        

   (e) bank guarantee provided by an authorized financial institution, if
   applicable (see paragraph 10.22(c) of the VATP Guidelines)

   X. Record Keeping

   100. Please describe your record-keeping policy, including the location
       where you keep your records, the record retention period and the
       measures implemented to ensure the integrity, security,
       availability, reliability and completeness of records required to
       be kept under Part XIV of the VATP Guidelines and the records
       obtained from the customer due diligence and ongoing monitoring
       process.

        

   101. Please advise whether you use external electronic data storage. If
       so, please provide details and arrange to submit the required
       documents set out in our FAQs on the use of external electronic
       data storage.

        

   XI. List of Information

   102. Please provide a copy of your policy and procedure for the
       following areas:

    Know-your-client, client due diligence and client on-boarding

    Anti-money laundering / counter-financing of terrorism

    Cyber security and information security

    Market surveillance

    Trading rules and operations

    Risk management

    Virtual asset admission/listing rules

    Custody of client assets, wallet structure, management and operations

    Transaction monitoring

    Business contingency/ disaster recovery

    Record retention

    Staff dealing

        

        Questionnaire VA-1 - Virtual Asset Trading Platform Operator

                                 Declaration

   We:

     * Declare that all the information provided in this questionnaire and
       any associated documentation is complete, true and correct.

     * Understand that providing false or misleading information in, or in
       support of this questionnaire could be an offence under section 383
       and/or 384 of the SFO, section 53ZTO and/or 53ZTP and/or 53ZTQ of
       the AMLO.

     * Understand that the Securities and Futures Commission may take
       criminal and/or disciplinary action against a person who has made a
       false or misleading representation in, or in support of, this
       questionnaire.

     * Understand that if any information contained in this questionnaire,
       or any associated documentation changes prior to the Securities and
       Futures Commission making a decision in respect of any related
       application, we should notify the Securities and Futures Commission
       in writing immediately of the changes.

     * Understand that the Securities and Futures Commission may make such
       enquiries and seek such further information as it thinks
       appropriate.

   (To be signed by two directors* or persons authorised by the board of
   directors of the corporation.)

   For and on behalf of:

                                                              

                        Name of corporation

                                         

                                         

        Name of director/person authorised by the board of directors

                                  Signature

                                    Date

                                         

                                         

        Name of director/person authorised by the board of directors

                                  Signature

                                    Date

   * Can be signed by one director if the corporation has only one
   director.

   1 The term “Relevant Activities” is as defined in the VATP Guidelines

   Questionnaire VA-1 – Jun 2023 1
