MASTER LOAN AGREEMENT:

ID: MA0000001
UUID: 018f9342-2c72-7356-b7ab-ddc014179bd3

This master agreement is between the parties listed in the annex of
the contract as the (``borrower'') and the (''lender'') and the terms
and conditions and information described in the annex shall form an
integral part of this agreement include optional clauses to be
included.

1) CHOICE OF LAW - The agreement is made under the laws of the Hong Kong
Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China
(''HKSAR'').  Any disputes shall be resolved through the courts and
administrative tribunals of the HKSAR or any other dispute resolution
mechanism jointly agreed by the parties.

2) SEVERABILITY - In the event that any part of the this agreement is
found to be unenforceable or not in compliance with the laws of the
HKSAR, the remainder of the contract will remain in force, and any
provisions not in compliance will be modified to the minimum necessary
to render them enforceable and in compliance with the laws of the
HKSAR.

3) LOAN AGREEMENT - In consideration for the lender providing the
borrower with the (''amount to be loaned'') listed in annex of this
agreement.  The borrower agrees to pay back those assets (''amount to
be repaid'') by the date and at the interest rate described in the
annex subject to the terms of the contract.

4) FORM OF REPAYMENT - The obligations under this agreement shall be
repaid in the form of stablecoins specified in the annex to be
transmitted on the blockchain network to the address provided by the
lender, provided that market value of tokens to be transmitted are
within 2 percent of par that there are no immediate events that would
reasonably be foreseen to cause these stablecoins to be unable to
maintain par value against the US dollar. The lender may unlaterally
modify the tokens and blockchain network to any tokens or blockchain
network widely used for transmission of payments, and may unlaterally
modify the address to which the tokens are to be paid.

In the event that there is market disruption, the lender may specify
an alternative set of tokens to be repaid or that the form of
repayment shall be either bank transfer using HK dollar at the market
exchange rate or payment in the form of paper fiat currency in the
form of either US dollar notes or HK dollar notes at the market
exchange rate at the determination of the lender.

5) EARLY PAYMENT - The borrower may pay any or all payment early at in
which point the borrow shall only be required to pay the interest over
the time at which the loan is outstanding.

6) MINIMUM PAYMENT - The borrower shall also be required to pay the
(''minimum payment'') described in the annex.  In the event that the
borrower fails to pay the minimum payment then after a grace period
described in the annex, borrower shall be in default and the balance
of the loan and all acrued interest shall immediately become due.

7) LENDER'S RIGHT TO EXAMINE FINANCIAL RECORDS - During the term of
this agreement, the lender shall have any access to the any books,
records, statements, and financial records of the borrower which they
deem reasonably necessary to assess the financial condition of the
borrower and their ability to comply with the terms of the agreement.

8) LENDER'S RIGHT TO NOTIFICATION - During the term of this
agreement, the borrower shall inform the lender as to any events that
will affect the ability of the borrower to pay the loan including any
reasonable likelihood of corporate restructuring or any reasonable
possiblity of repayment of extraordinary losses.

9) ASSIGNMENT - The borrower may not assign this contract without the
permission of the lender.  The lender may assign the right to receive
assets or payments for the contract to third parties, including but
not limited to the right to assign payments from this agreement to
holders of cryptographic tokens.

10) DEMISE OF NATURAL PERSON - If either the borrower or lender is a
natural person, the contract shall become the obligation of the estate
of the party upon the demise of the party, unless the borrower or
lender has assigned the obligations associated with this contract to
third parties in the event of the demise provided that neither party
is disadvantaged over the condition under which the contract becomes
an obligation of the estate of either party.

11) ELECTRONIC EXECUTION - This Agreement may be (a) executed by way
of an electronic signature and/or (b) exchanged electronically only,
with no further exchange of hard copy originals. Such signature and/or
electronically exchanged document shall have the same legal effect,
validity, enforceability and admissibility as if signed by hand, and
executed and delivered in hard copy original form.

12) BUSINESS DAY means a day for which commercial banks are open for
business and making payments in Hong Kong

OPTIONAL CLAUSES

The following provisions are additions to the contract which may be
optionally added if specified in the annex

A1) PAYMENTS TO SATISIFY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM EXTRAORDINARY LOSSES -
In the event that the borrower receives compensation, settlement,
restitution or any other payment to satisfy any claims resulting from
an extraordinary loss event, the balance of the loan pro-rated by the
amount received divided by the amount reasonably claimable through
extraordinary loss shall be due within the grace period described in
the annex.  In the event, that the borrower fails to pay this amount,
then borrower shall be in default and the balance of the loan and all
acrued interest shall immediately become due.

An extraordinary loss event is an event or series of events resulting
in businesses losses exceeding 1,000 USD within five years preceding
the loan agreement that would be reasonably be subject to a claim
against business insurance or public relief measures regardless of
whether the insurance was maintained or a claim was filed.  These
claims would include but not be limited to losses arising from fire,
theft, fraud, accident or business closures due to unforeseen
catastrophe such as pandemic or public disturbance.

B1) DEBT SENIORITY - The debt arising from this loan shall be senior to
any general obligations of the borrower, and in the event that the
borrower has different debt obligations of different seniority the
claims arising from this agreement shall have the same seniority as
the most senior liabilities of the borrower.

