Thank you for this opportunity to provide comments on the Chief
Executive Policy address. In recent months, the Hong Kong government
has attempted to promote Hong Kong as a destination for Web3 and a
virtual asset hub and prioritized attracting science and technology
talent.  I find these efforts both inspiring and frustrating. I
commend the Hong Kong government for prioritizing these efforts, but I
am frustrated by the government's direction in promoting science and
technology and virtual assets.

I am an American-born Chinese with a physics degree at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology and have a doctorate in
astrophysics from the University of Texas at Austin. I have several
decades of software development and investment banking experience,
including experience at Halliburton, JPMorgan, and other small
startups in Hong Kong, New York City, and Austin, Texas.

In 2010, I returned to the motherland to fulfill my deceased father's
instructions that I contribute to China's technological, social,
political, and economic development. Hong Kong was where China first
lost the technology race with the West, thereby ushering China's
century of humiliation, and I believe that Hong Kong is the place
where China can begin a new chapter of technological innovation and
leadership, not only for the benefit of Hong Kong or of China but for
the common prosperity and security of humanity.

However, I am deeply concerned that global virtual and web3 asset
technology advancements are passing Hong Kong by. As a patriot, I am
haunted by the possibility of China falling behind the West in
technology during its century of humiliation. This is something that
must not be allowed to happen again.

Whatever small effort I can make in developing Hong Kong as an
international finance center and in developing and perfecting the
capitalist system for the benefit of the nation and the world, I will
attempt to do so. My virtual asset company consists of myself, my
wife, and an assistant. All I have are dreams, patriotism, and an
education.  That should be enough.

I am attempting to obtain a license for my virtual asset service
provider business and will be applying to the Securities and Futures
Commission shortly. Our business uses open-source technology and
virtual assets to promote trade with Africa and facilitate technology
transfer between high-energy physics and finance. Part of the purpose
of my effort is to create a "sanctions-proof" financial system that
will be able to fund innovation, science, and technology in China. For
one nation to misuse control of the global financial and technological
system to harm the prosperity and security of other nations goes
against the fundamental values that I learned as a youth, and it is
something that I must oppose.

I am concerned with the lack of dialogue between my company and the
Hong Kong government.  Specifically, the policy dialogue between the
Hong Kong government and the financial technology community are
focused on communications with well-financed companies in traditional
finance.

Concerning licensing, I have two specific concerns.

First, I am concerned that the regulatory requirements imposed by the
Securities Futures Commission will make it impossible for startups
with low levels of capital or unusual business structures to operate
in Hong Kong in a regulated system.

Second of all, restrictions on stablecoins will further compound
previous mistakes. The SFC has effectively banned regulated exchanges
from trading stablecoin. Furthermore, HKMA is currently proposing new
restrictions on the use of stablecoin. These disproportionate actions
infringe on the right to move capital enshrined in the Basic Law, and
are not in the interests of Hong Kong in developing the capitalist
system and its role as an international financial center.  They also
make it easier for foreign powers to impose blockades on Chinese
access to technology and capital.

I believe that the Hong Kong must encourage linkages between the money
services community, the virtual asset community, and traditional
finance, as well as the science and technology ecosystems.

In view of the situation, you may think it desirable to have more
permanent contact maintained between the Administration and the group
of physicists and persons in the money services industry working on
projects relevant to financial technology.

As part of my effort to promote dialogue between my company and the
Hong Kong government, I have communicated my concerns to the Fintech
section of InvestHK and will continue to encourage dialogue between
various sectors as part of the SFC virtual asset service provider
licensing process, and thank you for this opportunity to express my
views. I look forward to any dialogue that one may have in the future.
